Tpp integration (#52)
FIWARE/data-space-connector: doc/DSP_INTEGRATION.md

# Integration of the Dataspace Protocol

In order to be compatible with other connectors, the FIWARE Data Space Connector supports the [IDSA Dataspace Protocol](https://docs.internationaldataspaces.org/ids-knowledgebase/dataspace-protocol).

## Architecture

![DSP Architecture](./img/dsp-architecture.png)

* [TMForum API](https://github.com/FIWARE/tmforum-api) provides the APIs for creating and managing Products and Offerings
    * integrates with the Contract Management through Events
* [Rainbow](https://github.com/ging/rainbow)(not yet public) is a RUST-implementation of the [Dataspace Protocol](https://docs.internationaldataspaces.org/ids-knowledgebase/dataspace-protocol)
    * provides the  [Transfer Process API](https://docs.internationaldataspaces.org/ids-knowledgebase/dataspace-protocol/transfer-process/transfer.process.protocol)
    * provides the [Catalog API](https://docs.internationaldataspaces.org/ids-knowledgebase/dataspace-protocol/catalog/catalog.protocol)

>     * provides CRUD functionality for Agreement objects definde by the [Contract Negotiation API](https://docs.internationaldataspaces.org/ids-knowledgebase/dataspace-protocol/contract-negotiation/contract.negotiation.protocol)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * provides CRUD functionality for Agreement objects defined by the [Contract Negotiation API](https://docs.internationaldataspaces.org/ids-knowledgebase/dataspace-protocol/contract-negotiation/contract.negotiation.protocol)
```

        "dct:modified": null,
        "dct:title": "Test Catalog",
        "dct:description": [],
        "dspace:participantId": null,
        "odrl:hasPolicy": [],
        "dspace:extraFields": null,
        "dcat:dataset": [],
        "dcat:service": [
            {
                "@context": "https://w3id.org/dspace/2024/1/context.json",
                "@type": "dcat:DataService",
                "@id": "urn:ngsi-ld:product-offering:96eaae6d-1615-41b0-b721-91c6a2e36551",
                "dcat:theme": "",
                "dcat:keyword": "",
                "dcat:endpointDescription": "The Test Service",
                "dcat:endpointURL": "https://the-test-service.org",
                "dct:conformsTo": null,
                "dct:creator": null,
                "dct:identifier": "urn:ngsi-ld:product-offering:96eaae6d-1615-41b0-b721-91c6a2e36551",
                "dct:issued": "2025-01-15T07:25:31.220506",
                "dct:modified": null,
                "dct:title": "Test Spec",
                "dct:description": [],
                "odrl:hasPolicy": [],
                "dspace:extraFields": null
            }
        ]
    }
]
```

### Authentication and Authorization

> The TMForum-API and the Data Service are secured by the IAM in addition to be connected with the Transfer Process Protocol. Therefor, the provider has to create policies to controll access to TMForumm the Data Service and the Rainbow API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TMForum-API and the Data Service are secured by the IAM in addition to be connected with the Transfer Process Protocol. Therefor, the provider has to create policies to control access to TMForum, the Data Service and the Rainbow API.
```
